docs/guide/carbonprice.rst, before:

|imgCarbonPriceIcon| Carbon Price
=================================

**Set a global carbon price that makes coal, oil, and gas more expensive depending on how much carbon dioxide they release.** Energy producers frequently pass additional costs to their customers, so policy must be designed to minimize the impacts on the poorest.

Examples
--------

* Countries and regions implementing carbon taxes.

* Grassroots campaigns generating public support for carbon pricing.

Big Message
-----------

* Pricing carbon is a high leverage strategy. It both reduces the carbon intensity of the energy supply and reduces the overall energy demand. That said, it is no silver bullet.

Key Dynamics
------------

* When the carbon price is increased, notice that Coal (brown line) reduces the most in the “Global Sources of Primary Energy” graph. It is the most carbon intensive source of energy, which makes it the most sensitive to a carbon price. Natural Gas (dark blue line) moves down as well, although more modestly. Oil (red line) decreases only slightly, even though it is more carbon intensive than gas, because it is not easily substituted for other energy sources (e.g. can’t power a diesel truck with wind power). Renewables (green line) increases as the relative cost of wind and solar make them more attractive.

* Just like taxing coal, a significant carbon price increases energy costs, which reduces energy demand. View this in the “Final Energy Consumption” graph, noting that the high carbon price Current Scenario (blue line) is lower than Business as Usual (black line).

Potential Co-Benefits of a Carbon Price
---------------------------------------
- Renewable energy becomes relatively cheaper, which can incentivize job creation in the sector.  
- Reducing the use of fossil fuels improves air quality, increasing healthcare savings and worker productivity.
- Revenue from carbon pricing can be allocated to social programs that can be shared with everyone.

Equity Considerations
----------------------
- As carbon taxes reach effective levels, companies may try to pass costs to customers, where the poor are most at risk of being impacted. Policies can be developed that limit this impact.
- Workers employed in fossil fuel industries risk losing their jobs if companies shrink workforces in response to higher costs of production, so job transition plans should be in place and protections for workers ensured. 
- Due to the political nature of fossil fuel production, government corruption and rent-seeking could create the possibility of certain industries avoiding the carbon price due to loop holes or exemptions. 

Slider Settings
---------------

==================== =================== ========= ========== =========== ============
\                    **status quo**      low       medium     high        very high
==================== =================== ========= ========== =========== ============
Carbon price per ton **no carbon price** $0 to $20 $20 to $60 $60 to $100 $100 to $250
==================== =================== ========= ========== =========== ============

Case Studies 
--------------

Northeast United States: A 2016 MIT study examined a scenario where the Northeast United States implemented a carbon cap and trade program and found that the annual health savings to the region could be five times greater than the costs of the changes needed to satisfy the policy. [#cpricefn1]_

.. rubric:: Footnotes

.. [#cpricefn1] Thompson, T. M., Rausch, S., Saari, R. K., & Selin, N. E. (2016). Air quality co-benefits of subnational carbon policies. *Journal of the Air & Waste Management Association*, 66(10), 988–1002. https://doi.org/10.1080/10962247.2016.1192071

.. SUBSTITUTIONS SECTION

.. |imgCarbonPriceIcon| image:: ../images/icons/cprice_icon.png
   :width: 0.49604in
   :height: 0.49604in

Commit message:

Added links to support platform & fixed text on Background section for mismatched photos

docs/guide/carbonprice.rst, after:

|imgCarbonPriceIcon| Carbon Price
=================================

**Set a global carbon price that makes coal, oil, and gas more expensive depending on how much carbon dioxide they release.** Energy producers frequently pass additional costs to their customers, so policy must be designed to minimize the impacts on the poorest.

Examples
--------

* Countries and regions implementing carbon taxes.

* Grassroots campaigns generating public support for carbon pricing.

Big Message
-----------

* Pricing carbon is a high leverage strategy. It both reduces the carbon intensity of the energy supply and reduces the overall energy demand. That said, it is no silver bullet.

Key Dynamics
------------

* When the carbon price is increased, notice that Coal (brown line) reduces the most in the “Global Sources of Primary Energy” graph. It is the most carbon intensive source of energy, which makes it the most sensitive to a carbon price. Natural Gas (dark blue line) moves down as well, although more modestly. Oil (red line) decreases only slightly, even though it is more carbon intensive than gas, because it is not easily substituted for other energy sources (e.g. can’t power a diesel truck with wind power). Renewables (green line) increases as the relative cost of wind and solar make them more attractive.

* Just like taxing coal, a significant carbon price increases energy costs, which reduces energy demand. View this in the “Final Energy Consumption” graph, noting that the high carbon price Current Scenario (blue line) is lower than Business as Usual (black line).

Potential Co-Benefits of a Carbon Price
---------------------------------------
- Renewable energy becomes relatively cheaper, which can incentivize job creation in the sector.  
- Reducing the use of fossil fuels improves air quality, increasing healthcare savings and worker productivity.
- Revenue from carbon pricing can be allocated to social programs that can be shared with everyone.

Equity Considerations
----------------------
- As carbon taxes reach effective levels, companies may try to pass costs to customers, where the poor are most at risk of being impacted. Policies can be developed that limit this impact.
- Workers employed in fossil fuel industries risk losing their jobs if companies shrink workforces in response to higher costs of production, so job transition plans should be in place and protections for workers ensured. 
- Due to the political nature of fossil fuel production, government corruption and rent-seeking could create the possibility of certain industries avoiding the carbon price due to loop holes or exemptions. 

Slider Settings
---------------

==================== =================== ========= ========== =========== ============
\                    **status quo**      low       medium     high        very high
==================== =================== ========= ========== =========== ============
Carbon price per ton **no carbon price** $0 to $20 $20 to $60 $60 to $100 $100 to $250
==================== =================== ========= ========== =========== ============

Case Studies 
--------------

Northeast United States: A 2016 MIT study examined a scenario where the Northeast United States implemented a carbon cap and trade program and found that the annual health savings to the region could be five times greater than the costs of the changes needed to satisfy the policy. [#cpricefn1]_

Please visit `support.climateinteractive.org <https://support.climateinteractive.org>`_ for additional inquires and support.

.. rubric:: Footnotes

.. [#cpricefn1] Thompson, T. M., Rausch, S., Saari, R. K., & Selin, N. E. (2016). Air quality co-benefits of subnational carbon policies. *Journal of the Air & Waste Management Association*, 66(10), 988–1002. https://doi.org/10.1080/10962247.2016.1192071

.. SUBSTITUTIONS SECTION

.. |imgCarbonPriceIcon| image:: ../images/icons/cprice_icon.png
   :width: 0.49604in
   :height: 0.49604in
