docs/guide/deforestation.rst, before:

|imgDeforestationIcon| Deforestation
====================================

**Decrease or increase the loss of forests for agricultural and wood product uses.** Deforestation often entails burning and removing forests to clear land for crops like soybeans, corn, or palm oil. Forest protection efforts increase biodiversity and can support community resilience.

Examples
--------

* Government policy to preserve forested land and place restrictions on industries such as soybean and/or palm oil.

* Increased support for indigenous land rights.

* Public support and campaigns to support land preservation.

Big Messages
------------

* Efforts to reduce deforestation are relatively low leverage for the climate, because the influence from energy CO\ :sub:`2` emissions is so dominant, but stopping deforestation is still part of a multi-pronged effort to address climate change.

* Protecting forests is helpful for many reasons other than climate action, including biodiversity conservation and protection of native peoples' lands.

Key Dynamics
------------

* Highly reducing deforestation emissions reduces temperature less than most people would estimate. View the “Greenhouse Gas Net Emissions by Gas – Area” graph to see the role of land use (deforestation) CO\ :sub:`2` relative to all the other sources of emissions.

Potential Co-Benefits of Decreasing Deforestation
----------------------------------------------------
•	Forests protect biodiversity and provide ecosystem services and food sources.
•	Forest preservation reduces erosion and prevents soil loss.
•	Forests provide livelihoods for people (e.g., small-scale resource gathering and sustainable forestry) that can be lost when land is shifted to other uses. 

Equity Considerations 
---------------------
•	Forest preservation efforts have sometimes restricted the land access of indigenous people who have lived sustainably on the land for generations. Policies should be created with local stakeholder engagement. [#deforestationfn1]_ [#deforestationfn2]_

Slider Settings
---------------

================================================ ============== ================== ============== ===========
\                                                highly reduced moderately reduced **status quo** increased 
================================================ ============== ================== ============== ===========
Percent per year reduction or increase           -10% to        -4% to -1%         **-1% to 0%**  0% to +1%
                                                 -4%                                                                 
================================================ ============== ================== ============== ===========

Model Structure
-----------------

Emissions from deforestation stay level in the Business as Usual scenario to reflect trends that indicate deforestation continues to be insufficiently addressed worldwide. 

.. rubric:: Footnotes

.. [#deforestationfn1] Salopek, P. (2019, May 16). Millions of indigenous people face eviction from their forest homes. *National Geographic*. https://www.nationalgeographic.com/culture/2019/05/millions-india-indigenous-people-face-eviction-from-forests/ 
.. [#deforestationfn2] Mwijuke, G. (2018, January 12). Batwa of Uganda mired in extreme poverty. *Chwezitraveller*. https://www.chwezitraveller.com/featured/batwa-ugandas-conservation-refugees-mired-in-extreme-poverty/ 

.. SUBSTITUTIONS SECTION

.. |imgDeforestationIcon| image:: ../images/icons/deforestation_icon.png
   :width: 0.92623in
   :height: 0.43265in

Commit message:

Added links to support platform & fixed text on Background section for mismatched photos

docs/guide/deforestation.rst, after:

|imgDeforestationIcon| Deforestation
====================================

**Decrease or increase the loss of forests for agricultural and wood product uses.** Deforestation often entails burning and removing forests to clear land for crops like soybeans, corn, or palm oil. Forest protection efforts increase biodiversity and can support community resilience.

Examples
--------

* Government policy to preserve forested land and place restrictions on industries such as soybean and/or palm oil.

* Increased support for indigenous land rights.

* Public support and campaigns to support land preservation.

Big Messages
------------

* Efforts to reduce deforestation are relatively low leverage for the climate, because the influence from energy CO\ :sub:`2` emissions is so dominant, but stopping deforestation is still part of a multi-pronged effort to address climate change.

* Protecting forests is helpful for many reasons other than climate action, including biodiversity conservation and protection of native peoples' lands.

Key Dynamics
------------

* Highly reducing deforestation emissions reduces temperature less than most people would estimate. View the “Greenhouse Gas Net Emissions by Gas – Area” graph to see the role of land use (deforestation) CO\ :sub:`2` relative to all the other sources of emissions.

Potential Co-Benefits of Decreasing Deforestation
----------------------------------------------------
•	Forests protect biodiversity and provide ecosystem services and food sources.
•	Forest preservation reduces erosion and prevents soil loss.
•	Forests provide livelihoods for people (e.g., small-scale resource gathering and sustainable forestry) that can be lost when land is shifted to other uses. 

Equity Considerations 
---------------------
•	Forest preservation efforts have sometimes restricted the land access of indigenous people who have lived sustainably on the land for generations. Policies should be created with local stakeholder engagement. [#deforestationfn1]_ [#deforestationfn2]_

Slider Settings
---------------

================================================ ============== ================== ============== ===========
\                                                highly reduced moderately reduced **status quo** increased 
================================================ ============== ================== ============== ===========
Percent per year reduction or increase           -10% to        -4% to -1%         **-1% to 0%**  0% to +1%
                                                 -4%                                                                 
================================================ ============== ================== ============== ===========

Model Structure
-----------------

Emissions from deforestation stay level in the Business as Usual scenario to reflect trends that indicate deforestation continues to be insufficiently addressed worldwide. 

Please visit `support.climateinteractive.org <https://support.climateinteractive.org>`_ for additional inquires and support.

.. rubric:: Footnotes

.. [#deforestationfn1] Salopek, P. (2019, May 16). Millions of indigenous people face eviction from their forest homes. *National Geographic*. https://www.nationalgeographic.com/culture/2019/05/millions-india-indigenous-people-face-eviction-from-forests/ 
.. [#deforestationfn2] Mwijuke, G. (2018, January 12). Batwa of Uganda mired in extreme poverty. *Chwezitraveller*. https://www.chwezitraveller.com/featured/batwa-ugandas-conservation-refugees-mired-in-extreme-poverty/ 

.. SUBSTITUTIONS SECTION

.. |imgDeforestationIcon| image:: ../images/icons/deforestation_icon.png
   :width: 0.92623in
   :height: 0.43265in
