docs/guide/econ_growth.rst, before:

|image46| ECONOMIC GROWTH 
==========================

**Assume higher or lower growth in goods produced and services provided.** Economic Growth is measured in Gross Domestic Product (GDP) per person and is a key driver in energy consumption. Alternatives exist to meeting people’s needs through economic frameworks not based on constant GDP growth.

.. _examples-13:

Examples
--------

-  Global efforts to reduce overconsumption and embrace voluntary simplicity.

-  Possible impacts on economic growth from the effects of climate change.

.. _slider-settings-13:

Slider Settings
---------------

=================== ============ ================ ============
\                   low growth   **status quo**   high growth
=================== ============ ================ ============
GDP growth per year 1.7% to 2.1% **2.2% to 2.9%** 3.0% to 3.7%
=================== ============ ================ ============

.. _key-dynamics-13:

Key Dynamics
------------

-  Population gets multiplied with GDP per capita to equal total global GDP, or Gross World Product. Increases in this variable accelerate the exponential growth of GDP, arguably the most important driver of future carbon dioxide emissions.

-  Watch all the sources of energy change as you change economic growth.

.. _big-message-11:

Big Message
-----------

-  Slower economic growth would be a high leverage approach for avoiding future temperature increases, however, there are lots of questions about how this might occur and be done in a way that is equitable.

.. _model-structure-11:

Model Structure
---------------

Whereas, in the real world, there would be feedbacks to economic growth from energy prices, various taxes, and the impacts of climate change, the model does not include these effects. The user could explore such feedbacks by changing this input manually.

Commit message:

Cleaned up all sections, leaving icon errors

docs/guide/econ_growth.rst, after:

|imgEconGrowthIcon| ECONOMIC GROWTH 
===================================

**Assume higher or lower growth in goods produced and services provided.** Economic Growth is measured in Gross Domestic Product (GDP) per person and is a key driver in energy consumption. Alternatives exist to meeting people’s needs through economic frameworks not based on constant GDP growth.

Examples
--------

* Global efforts to reduce overconsumption and embrace voluntary simplicity.

* Possible impacts on economic growth from the effects of climate change.

Slider Settings
---------------

=================== ============ ================ ============
\                   low growth   **status quo**   high growth
=================== ============ ================ ============
GDP growth per year 1.7% to 2.1% **2.2% to 2.9%** 3.0% to 3.7%
=================== ============ ================ ============

Key Dynamics
------------

* Population gets multiplied with GDP per capita to equal total global GDP, or Gross World Product. Increases in this variable accelerate the exponential growth of GDP, arguably the most important driver of future carbon dioxide emissions.

* Watch all the sources of energy change as you change economic growth.

Big Message
-----------

* Slower economic growth would be a high leverage approach for avoiding future temperature increases, however, there are lots of questions about how this might occur and be done in a way that is equitable.

Model Structure
---------------

Whereas, in the real world, there would be feedbacks to economic growth from energy prices, various taxes, and the impacts of climate change, the model does not include these effects. The user could explore such feedbacks by changing this input manually.


.. SUBSTITUTIONS SECTION

.. |brokenImage| image:: ../images/media/image28.png
   :width: 0.56702in
   :height: 0.49385in
