docs/guide/methane.rst, before:

|image48|\ METHANE & OTHER GASES
================================

**Decrease or increase greenhouse gas emissions from methane, nitrous oxide, and the f-gases.** Methane is released from sources like cows, agriculture, natural gas drilling, and waste. Nitrous oxide comes from fertilizers. The f-gases, includes HFCs, PFCs, and others that are used in industry and consumer goods like air conditioners.

.. _examples-15:

Examples
--------

-  Decreased meat consumption.

-  Modified agricultural practices such as increasing digestion of manure and decreasing fertilizer use.

-  Decreased leakage from oil and gas industries.

-  Increased capturing of gases emitted from landfills.

-  Research and development on substitutions for f-gases (e.g. SF6 and HFC) in industrial processes.

.. _slider-settings-15:

Slider Settings
---------------

=============================================== ============== ================== ==============
\                                               highly reduced moderately reduced **status quo**
=============================================== ============== ================== ==============
Percent reduction or increase of maximum action -100% to       -50% to 0%         **0% to +10%**
                                                -50%                             
=============================================== ============== ================== ==============

.. _section-16:

.. _key-dynamics-15:

Key Dynamics
------------

-  Watch temperature increase fall as emissions of methane, N\ :sub:`2`\ O, and F-gases fall. They comprise 30% of current greenhouse gas emissions and are very important in addressing climate change.

.. _big-message-13:

Big Message
-----------

-  Reducing methane, nitrous oxide, and the f-gases is high leverage, although many approaches to reducing these emissions need more research and support to scale up.

.. _model-structure-12:

Model Structure
---------------

The model limits how much these emissions can be reduced, since some are considered unavoidable, particularly those from agriculture, landfills, and wastewater.

.. _section-17:

Co-Benefits 
------------

-  Plant-based diets can reduce emissions by reducing dependence on livestock and have been shown to be healthier for individuals.

Commit message:

Cleaned up all sections, leaving icon errors

docs/guide/methane.rst, after:

|imgMethaneIcon| METHANE & OTHER GASES
=======================================

**Decrease or increase greenhouse gas emissions from methane, nitrous oxide, and the f-gases.** Methane is released from sources like cows, agriculture, natural gas drilling, and waste. Nitrous oxide comes from fertilizers. The f-gases, includes HFCs, PFCs, and others that are used in industry and consumer goods like air conditioners.

Examples
--------

* Decreased meat consumption.

* Modified agricultural practices such as increasing digestion of manure and decreasing fertilizer use.

* Decreased leakage from oil and gas industries.

* Increased capturing of gases emitted from landfills.

* Research and development on substitutions for f-gases (e.g. SF6 and HFC) in industrial processes.

Slider Settings
---------------

=============================================== ============== ================== ==============
\                                               highly reduced moderately reduced **status quo**
=============================================== ============== ================== ==============
Percent reduction or increase of maximum action -100% to       -50% to 0%         **0% to +10%**
                                                -50%                             
=============================================== ============== ================== ==============

Key Dynamics
------------

* Watch temperature increase fall as emissions of methane, N\ :sub:`2`\ O, and F-gases fall. They comprise 30% of current greenhouse gas emissions and are very important in addressing climate change.

Big Message
-----------

* Reducing methane, nitrous oxide, and the f-gases is high leverage, although many approaches to reducing these emissions need more research and support to scale up.

Model Structure
---------------

The model limits how much these emissions can be reduced, since some are considered unavoidable, particularly those from agriculture, landfills, and wastewater.

Co-Benefits 
------------

* Plant-based diets can reduce emissions by reducing dependence on livestock and have been shown to be healthier for individuals.


.. SUBSTITUTIONS SECTION

.. |brokenImage| image:: ../images/media/image32.png
   :width: 0.78131in
   :height: 0.49772in
