docs/guide/population.rst, before:

|imgPopIcon| Population Growth 
===============================

**Assume higher or lower population growth.** Population is a key driver of increased greenhouse gases; however, this is also tied heavily to consumption habits. Women’s education and access to family planning could accelerate shifts to smaller families worldwide.

Examples
--------

* Different assumptions for future fertility rates and demographics.

* Greater empowerment of women and girls, resulting in lower fertility rates.

* Increased education on and access to reproductive health services.

Big Message
-----------

* Contrary to some people’s beliefs, population growth is not a silver bullet for addressing climate change.

* Decisions around population and family choice are very personal decisions and efforts to shift these decisions have ethical implications in many cultures.

Key Dynamics
------------

* Watch all the sources of energy change as you change population growth.

Potential Co-Benefits of Lower Growth
--------------------------------------
•	Lower population growth reduces global consumption of resources. 
•	Ensuring safe access to family planning, reproductive health services, and women’s education enhances quality of life and income for women.

Equity Considerations 
----------------------
•	Policies around population should be voluntary and empower women to make the choices that are best for them. 
•	A higher percentage of women of color live in countries with severe gender inequities in access to education, full economic and political participation, and adequate family planning. Reducing population growth necessitates a large investment in that particular group. 
•	There is a history of women of color in both high- and low-income countries being forcibly sterilized to prevent giving birth; this should never be encouraged. [#popgrowthfn1]_ [#popgrowthfn2]_ [#popgrowthfn3]_ [#popgrowthfn4]_

Slider Settings
---------------

The slider reflects the 95% probability range of population deviating from the United Nation's medium population growth path. The variable being changed reflects the global population by 2100, in billions of people. 

================== ========================= =================== ================================ ==================== ===============================
\                  lowest growth             low growth          **status quo**                   high growth          highest growth
================== ========================= =================== ================================ ==================== ===============================
Population in 2100 9.1 to 9.5 billion        9.5 to 10.5 billion **10.5 to 11.4 billion**         11.4 to 12.8 billion 12.8 to 13.2 billion
================== ========================= =================== ================================ ==================== ===============================

Model Structure
---------------

Population gets multiplied with economic growth (GDP per capita) to equal total global GDP, or Gross World Product.

Please visit `support.climateinteractive.org <https://support.climateinteractive.org>`_ for additional inquires and support.

.. rubric:: Footnotes

.. [#popgrowthfn1] Bi, S. (2015). Forced Sterilizations of HIV-Positive Women: A Global Ethics and Policy Failure. *AMA Journal of Ethics*, 17(10), 952–957. doi: 10.1001/journalofethics.2015.17.10.pfor2-1510
.. [#popgrowthfn2] White, H. (2014, May 28). African women fight back against forced, coerced sterilizations. https://www.lifesitenews.com/news/african-women-fight-back-against-forced-coerced-sterilizations 
.. [#popgrowthfn3] Nittle, N. K. (2020, January 9). U.S. Government's Role in Sterilizing Women of Color. https://www.thoughtco.com/u-s-governments-role-sterilizing-women-of-color-2834600 
.. [#popgrowthfn4] Blakemore, E. (2016, August 25). The Little-Known History of the Forced Sterilization of Native American Women. *JSTOR Daily*. https://daily.jstor.org/the-little-known-history-of-the-forced-sterilization-of-native-american-women/ 


.. SUBSTITUTIONS SECTION

.. |imgPopIcon| image:: ../images/icons/population_icon.png
   :width: 0.61475in
   :height: 0.47903in

Commit message:

Added UN Scenario line on pop growth slider table

docs/guide/population.rst, after:

|imgPopIcon| Population Growth 
===============================

**Assume higher or lower population growth.** Population is a key driver of increased greenhouse gases; however, this is also tied heavily to consumption habits. Women’s education and access to family planning could accelerate shifts to smaller families worldwide.

Examples
--------

* Different assumptions for future fertility rates and demographics.

* Greater empowerment of women and girls, resulting in lower fertility rates.

* Increased education on and access to reproductive health services.

Big Message
-----------

* Contrary to some people’s beliefs, population growth is not a silver bullet for addressing climate change.

* Decisions around population and family choice are very personal decisions and efforts to shift these decisions have ethical implications in many cultures.

Key Dynamics
------------

* Watch all the sources of energy change as you change population growth.

Potential Co-Benefits of Lower Growth
--------------------------------------
•	Lower population growth reduces global consumption of resources. 
•	Ensuring safe access to family planning, reproductive health services, and women’s education enhances quality of life and income for women.

Equity Considerations 
----------------------
•	Policies around population should be voluntary and empower women to make the choices that are best for them. 
•	A higher percentage of women of color live in countries with severe gender inequities in access to education, full economic and political participation, and adequate family planning. Reducing population growth necessitates a large investment in that particular group. 
•	There is a history of women of color in both high- and low-income countries being forcibly sterilized to prevent giving birth; this should never be encouraged. [#popgrowthfn1]_ [#popgrowthfn2]_ [#popgrowthfn3]_ [#popgrowthfn4]_

Slider Settings
---------------

The slider reflects the 95% probability range of population deviating from the United Nation's medium population growth path. The variable being changed reflects the global population by 2100, in billions of people. 

================== ========================= =================== ================================ ==================== ===============================
\                  lowest growth             low growth          **status quo**                   high growth          highest growth
================== ========================= =================== ================================ ==================== ===============================
UN Scenario        low end of UN's 95% range                     **middle of of UN's 95% range**                       high end of UN's 95% range 
Population in 2100 9.1 to 9.5 billion        9.5 to 10.5 billion **10.5 to 11.4 billion**         11.4 to 12.8 billion 12.8 to 13.2 billion
================== ========================= =================== ================================ ==================== ===============================

Model Structure
---------------

Population gets multiplied with economic growth (GDP per capita) to equal total global GDP, or Gross World Product.

Please visit `support.climateinteractive.org <https://support.climateinteractive.org>`_ for additional inquires and support.

.. rubric:: Footnotes

.. [#popgrowthfn1] Bi, S. (2015). Forced Sterilizations of HIV-Positive Women: A Global Ethics and Policy Failure. *AMA Journal of Ethics*, 17(10), 952–957. doi: 10.1001/journalofethics.2015.17.10.pfor2-1510
.. [#popgrowthfn2] White, H. (2014, May 28). African women fight back against forced, coerced sterilizations. https://www.lifesitenews.com/news/african-women-fight-back-against-forced-coerced-sterilizations 
.. [#popgrowthfn3] Nittle, N. K. (2020, January 9). U.S. Government's Role in Sterilizing Women of Color. https://www.thoughtco.com/u-s-governments-role-sterilizing-women-of-color-2834600 
.. [#popgrowthfn4] Blakemore, E. (2016, August 25). The Little-Known History of the Forced Sterilization of Native American Women. *JSTOR Daily*. https://daily.jstor.org/the-little-known-history-of-the-forced-sterilization-of-native-american-women/ 


.. SUBSTITUTIONS SECTION

.. |imgPopIcon| image:: ../images/icons/population_icon.png
   :width: 0.61475in
   :height: 0.47903in
