docs/guide/transport_ee.rst, before:

|image41| TRANSPORT – ENERGY EFFICIENCY 
========================================

**Increase or decrease the energy efficiency of vehicles, shipping, air travel, and transportation systems.** Energy efficiency includes things like hybrid cars, expanded public transport, and ways that people can get around using less energy. Adopting more energy efficient practices, such as cycling and walking, can improve public health and save money.

.. _examples-8:

Examples
--------

-  Individuals changing their personal behavior to increase walking, biking, using public transit, carpooling, living in higher density neighborhoods, purchasing more efficient vehicles, reducing flying, telecommuting, or buying local.

-  Public or corporate policies such as increasing parking prices, investing in public transit, offering tax breaks for efficient vehicles, rewarding carpooling, building bike lanes, creating high density pedestrian friendly urban areas, or performance standards that mandate specific fuel efficiency.

-  Research and development into high efficiency technologies for shipping, vehicles, and air travel.

.. _slider-settings-8:

Slider Settings
---------------

The variable being changed is the annual improvement rate in the energy intensity of new transport capital such as vehicles, trains, and ships.

=========== =========== ============== ========== ================
\           discouraged **status quo** increased  highly increased
=========== =========== ============== ========== ================
Annual rate -1% to 0%   **0% to +2%**  +2% to +5% +5% to +7%
=========== =========== ============== ========== ================

.. _key-dynamics-8:

Key Dynamics
------------

-  Watch oil (red line) bend down in the “Sources of Primary Energy” graph as the world increases the efficiency of its transport. Less oil is burned, so emissions are lower and temperature is lower.

.. _model-structure-7:

Model Structure 
----------------

Increasing the rate of improvement in energy use for new vehicles and other infrastructure helps drive reductions in greenhouse gas emissions across the transport sector. There is some delay in how fast this accelerates because energy use is driven by the overall average of all capital (not just the new things). The model structure tracks overall efficiency, which includes retrofitting of existing capital.

Commit message:

Cleaned up all sections, leaving icon errors

docs/guide/transport_ee.rst, after:

|imgTransEEIcon| TRANSPORT – ENERGY EFFICIENCY 
==============================================

**Increase or decrease the energy efficiency of vehicles, shipping, air travel, and transportation systems.** Energy efficiency includes things like hybrid cars, expanded public transport, and ways that people can get around using less energy. Adopting more energy efficient practices, such as cycling and walking, can improve public health and save money.

Examples
--------

* Individuals changing their personal behavior to increase walking, biking, using public transit, carpooling, living in higher density neighborhoods, purchasing more efficient vehicles, reducing flying, telecommuting, or buying local.

* Public or corporate policies such as increasing parking prices, investing in public transit, offering tax breaks for efficient vehicles, rewarding carpooling, building bike lanes, creating high density pedestrian friendly urban areas, or performance standards that mandate specific fuel efficiency.

* Research and development into high efficiency technologies for shipping, vehicles, and air travel.

Slider Settings
---------------

The variable being changed is the annual improvement rate in the energy intensity of new transport capital such as vehicles, trains, and ships.

=========== =========== ============== ========== ================
\           discouraged **status quo** increased  highly increased
=========== =========== ============== ========== ================
Annual rate -1% to 0%   **0% to +2%**  +2% to +5% +5% to +7%
=========== =========== ============== ========== ================

Key Dynamics
------------

* Watch oil (red line) bend down in the “Sources of Primary Energy” graph as the world increases the efficiency of its transport. Less oil is burned, so emissions are lower and temperature is lower.

Model Structure 
----------------

Increasing the rate of improvement in energy use for new vehicles and other infrastructure helps drive reductions in greenhouse gas emissions across the transport sector. There is some delay in how fast this accelerates because energy use is driven by the overall average of all capital (not just the new things). The model structure tracks overall efficiency, which includes retrofitting of existing capital.


.. SUBSTITUTIONS SECTION

.. |brokenImage| image:: ../images/media/image18.png
   :width: 0.55694in
   :height: 0.49064in
